[smiling]
Thank goodness!
[chuckling]
Yeah.
Oh, thank you,
Boruto!
Mom, it's okay!
Stop it--
Daddy!
-Welcome back!
-Welcome back, Dad!
You okay, Big
Brother?
Heh. This is
nothing!
The attack by the
Otsutsuki Clan caused
a lot of damage in
the village, and it
meant that we had to
cancel the Chunin Exams.
The official report
was that the Five
Kage joined forces
and put an end to the
whole incident. And
soon... things began
to return to normal
in the village.
Dad also went back to
his usual hectic
schedule.
I get it now. Being
Hokage really is hard.
As for me...
Are you sure that you
don't want me get you
a new one, Boruto?
Yeah!
It looks cool like
that.
I'm so sorry!
Uh!
D-Do you think an
apology changes
things?!
You're right. I can't
undo what I did.
But I just--I just
wanted to apologize
for...
... for putting you
through that.
[scoffing]
Shinki...
I don't know exactly
what that Scientific
Ninja Tool is capable
of, but don't you
dare cheat like that
again.
Later.
You going around
apologizing to
everyone?
What's the deal, you
guys? If you're gonna
mock me, go home.
The exams were
cancelled, so...
... maybe you should
just drop it.
No, I gotta
own up to it.
Yeah, I mean, it was
all your fault to
begin with.
Mm.
All right already!
Why do you think I'm
apologizing?!
I'm guessing this isn't
the end of things with
them, is it?
I sincerely doubt it.
As long as they plan
on coming after the
chakra in this land,
I'm sure that they're
going to attack again.
Then for now, I guess
all that we can
really do is... keep
on investigating the
ruins left behind by
Kaguya.
What worries me right
now is the one who
got away.
Yeah... but you'd
better be extra
careful!
According to Gaara
and the others, he
hasn't revealed his
full powers yet.
I know that.
See you later.
What, you're leaving?
Yeah. I'm the only
one who's able to
track him.
But... why don't you
stay here and rest
for just a little
bit longer?
You know, to hang out
with Sakura and Sarada,
that's all.
You're in no position
to talk.
[awkward chuckling]
By the way...
About the results of
the Chunin Exams...
Even though we had to
cancel it, we did
still get to observe
everybody's
abilities.
Which means that the
next step is to meet
up with the other
villages to discuss
exactly how we should
move forward.
Oh, that's right.
And we have to figure
out what we're going to
do about Katasuke and
the Scientific Ninja
Tools...
That reminds me... We
got word that Killer
Bee returned to the
Hidden Cloud Village.
He's okay.
Old Man Bee is okay?!
Oh, man! Thank
goodness!
Oh, uh...
I was thinking
that... I'd like to
take some time off...
Huh?!
But I probably
shouldn't...
No, no! That's fine,
of course! You're the
Hokage, after all!
You can decide
whenever you want to
take time off!
R-Right!
But first, just make
sure that you take
care of all this
paperwork.
[groaning]
How long is all of
this gonna take me?!
[chatting]
Ever since the Exams
were cancelled, we've
been so busy. I mean
I haven't even
had a break.
After the Otsutsuki
incident, there's
been a lot of
cleaning up to do and
a bunch of other
little missions, too.
After all, we are
pros at public works!
Well, I wouldn't go
stretching the truth
quite that far...
Mitsuki, how are you?
You feeling better
now?
Yes, I'm okay.
Thank goodness! You
were hurt so badly
back there we started
to get worried you
weren't gonna make
it.
Oh, well, back then,
I infused more chakra
than usual, that's
why I was hurt more.
Yeah? Oh, I didn't
know that...
Yes. It was a good
thing my parent
made me strong!
That's what
saved me.
Uh, your parent...?
Oh... Yes...
Man, am I tired!
How many missions are
we gonna have to go
on? What a drag!
And it's all
because...
...someone did too
well at the Chunin
Exams.
Hey come on... I gotta
try hard sometimes or
else my dad will
lose face.
Besides, I don't want
to lose to Boruto.
Uh!
[grunting]
[train whistle blowing]
[awkward sighing]
[groaning]
Look, Shikadai--!
Sorry!
Hold on... Why are
you apologizing to me
right now?!
Well, I mean, I told
you that I'd hear
what you had to say,
but I've been so busy
and made you wait,
so...
That doesn't matter
at a time like this!
Of course it does!
Listen, I'm the one
saying sorry!
I'm apologizing, too!
[giggling]
Hey, stop that,
Shikadai! Knock
it off!
Don't mess with me!
You're so slow. You
just noticed?!
Just shut up,
all right?!
[laughing]
So...
Anyway, in the end,
you had to take on a
whole bunch of stuff
all by yourself...
At least let me
apologize for that.
Hmm.
So I'm sorry.
You're not supposed
to apologize first,
though...
Oh, right.
Anyway... I feel bad
I cheated. I'm really
sorry.
Don't worry about it.
So...? What was the
power of the Five
Kage like?
Those guys are like
crazy strong!
And especially my
dad!
But, uh... I
haven't lost to
him yet, you know!
I swear, I'm
gonna be an even
greater shinobi
than my dad!
Hmm. Heh.
Hey, Boruto... Do you
remember the names
and faces of the guys
who took part in the
Chunin Exams?
Huh?
You remember what
kinda guys were
there, right?
Yeah, of course!
That's easy.
Shinki's the guy with
the Iron Sand. And
then... Hold on...
[chuckling] You were
hardly watching them
at all!
There were a lot of
amazing guys, you
know.
If you don't pay
attention, they'll
get ahead of you.
What does that mean?!
It means that I
didn't like losing to you
one little bit, either.
Mm.
I've decided that I'm
going to become a shinobi
on my own terms.
I won't let myself be
affected by what my
parents or what
my Clan says.
Yeah, I feel
the same way.
[chuckling] We said
that we weren't gonna
follow in our
parents' footsteps.
But we've been doing
it without even
knowing it.
That's why... I'm
gonna go further than
my dad ever even
imagined!
There you go, talking
big again!
But before that, I'm
gonna beat you!
[chuckling] Even if you
were to try using that
Scientific Ninja
Tool again.
Hmph! I'm never
using that thing
again, ya know.
What is it, Shinki?
I was just thinking
about Boruto
Uzumaki...
He's foolish,
reckless, and was
supposed to be just a
trivial low-level
ninja... And yet...
...he stood his
ground...
... against a mighty foe
one couldn't hope to
defeat...
...and he took him
down.
While you just looked
on passively, is that
right?
[grunting]
Hey, I'm only
kidding. Don't
glare at me.
Sorry, okay?
Shinki, I was the one
who held you back.
I didn't allow you
to go and fight.
I beg your pardon,
Father, but that isn't
the real issue here.
Whether I had your
permission or not,
I had no chance of
winning that fight.
Go up against Boruto
Uzumaki,
and you'd defeat
him, hands down.
No mistake about
that. Isn't that
enough for you?
I-I'm able to fight
because I have you,
Shinki.
[lightly grunting]
Don't be impatient.
From my point of view
as Kage, you've all
just started on your
own paths.
Focus on the road
ahead not those who
walk beside you.
You must learn that
your Ninja Way
stretches far into
the distance.
Boruto Uzumaki.
[townspeople chatting]
Boruto!
Huh?
Oh! Sasuke!
[chatting]
Well, so far...
nothing else out of
the ordinary has
happened...
I haven't seen that
guy aside from that
one time. And I
haven't had that
weird paralysis from
then, either.
That wasn't something
as simple as mere
paralysis.
And it appears that no
one other than you, and
me of course with my
Rinnegan, seems to
have noticed what
occurred back there.
[lightly grunting]
Look, I'm not trying
to scare you or
anything...
But what happened to
you back there wasn't
normal.
So be on
your guard.
If you sense
something strange,
then tell me. You got it?
Hmm.
[chuckling] No use
worrying about it
now. I'm just
gonna stay focused on
what's right in front
of me!
Uh- Oh, yeah.
This is yours.
For now... you hold
onto that.
Uh-
It's proof you're
my student.
[gasping]
O-okay!
When you come
back to the village,
you're gonna train
me again, right?
Sure. But that's only
if you've mastered
the basics that I've
already taught you.
[grunting]
You can count on
that!
So what were you and
Boruto talking about?
Huh, Dad?
It wasn't anything,
don't worry...
[giggling]
So, how long are you
gonna stay in the
village?
It'll take another
day to fully analyze
all the data.
Then you know what
you should do?
Keep me company
while you're waiting!
Okay, what do you
wanna do?
[chuckling]
Well... what I'd
really like to do is
to perfect my
Fireball Jutsu! Just
in case, for someday.
Sounds good.
[giggling] All right!
Come on, let's go!
Oh! And tonight, Mom
said she'll be
waiting for us and
making us a special
dinner!
[chuckling] Come on,
let's go, Dad!
This is rare,... you
coming in person.
I understand that you
almost used Sage Jutsu
in front of everyone.
Do you know what
revealing it to the
village would've meant?
That power cannot be
used in front of
others. Most people
won't know what to
make of something
beyond their
comprehension.
I don't really care
either way. What's
worse would be the
light of the sun
disappearing.
Is Boruto truly your
sun, then?
In order to ascertain
that, you need to
stay and live among
them longer.
However, if you're
okay with it, I
suppose I have
nothing more to
say...
Hm.
Sorry to bother you.
If I linger too long,
then who knows what
people will say...
So I should be going.
Come home once in a
while so I can see in
person how you're
changing.
And thanks to the
efforts of the Five
Kage, the incident
was resolved.
But regrettably, the
Chunin Exams had to be
cancelled as a result.
With us now is the
genin who was at the
scene and became
caught up in the
incident.
Now, let's hear all
about it, in your own
words.
Yes, I see. So please
tell us, what do you
think the most
important thing is
for a shinobi to
have?
I'd say teamwork and
perseverance!
Oh, how wonderful!
You know, there's
something else I'd
like to add...
My dad said...
... What you got
up here, means less
than what you
feel in here.
Thank you for joining
us today for this
live broadcast.
Hey, how come all of
a sudden you're
acting like the
spokesperson for the
rest of us?
Actually, I was
interviewed as well,
though...
Look, I don't know, k?
I just showed up and
answered whatever
questions they
asked, that's all.
[scoffing] Honestly,
you're always so
glib! I'm surprised
that you didn't drag
down my dad and all
of the others
right along
with you!
I can't help it if
I'm good!
Oh, man... I just
knew that I should've
tagged along with
you guys!
You know, you really
are pretty amazing.
You are the Seventh
Hokage's son and the
Fourth's grandson.
Heh.
Eventually--
Hey, Boruto?
You wanna be
Hokage...
Well, don't you?
Hmm.
Being... the
Hokage...
Heh. Yeah, no
thanks!
Huh?!
Tell you what, when
you become Hokage,
I'll be your
right-hand man, okay?
I'll make sure to
guard you real well.
Uh, what...?!
To me, being Hokage
is only one path.
Just 'cause my
grandpa and dad were
Hokage, that doesn't
mean I have to walk
the same one.
But what I really
want...
Sarada...
... is to be a shinobi
like your dad.
Uh--
'Cause I...
I've got my own Ninja
Way.
Uh-- What is it?
What, do I have
something on my face?
Huh? No, not
really. It's just...
Heh-heh. I was just
thinking that your
eyes are much bluer
than Lord
Seventh's are.
Huh?
Mitsuki and I were
talking about it
before! Right,
Mitsuki?
Hmm? Oh,
were we?
[grunting]
Mph. I gotta go. I just
remembered something
I have to do.
Uh--Hey!
What was that all
about?
I guess everyone's
just busy!
I should go, too. I
have to report in.
Okay, see you
tomorrow!
Heed this warning...
Beware, for those
blue eyes shall
eventually...
... take everything
from you!
And know this, as
well...
That those who defeat
the gods...
... cannot remain
ordinary individuals
any longer.
I'm home!
Oh! Dad!
Hey!
Welcome home!
Your father bought
this for us.
Uh--What, he did?!
Sorry I'm late,
but happy birthday!
[giggling]
Thanks so much,
Daddy!
Dad, you...
[grunting]
[groaning]
So I guess you aren't
a Shadow Clone this
time, huh?
What's the big idea,
doing that out of the
blue?!
Ugh! But it was your
fault to begin with!
What was that?!
You guys! Me, too!
Ah! Hey, come on!
Be careful, Himawari!
All right, that's
enough! Cut it out,
all of you!
Or I'm gonna put
the cake away!
Huh?!
You can't
do that--
Please, mom! I'm
really sorry--
Sorry, mommy!
[giggling]
[chuckling]
Come on! Let's
go eat the cake!
Yeah! Good idea! I'm
practically starving,
here!
Heh. Me, too!
But Boruto, go and
wash your hands
first.
Yeah, yeah.
I know.
Mommy! I'll
help!
[chuckling]
All right.
Uh, why don't you
get the plates and
set the table?
Yeah, okay!
Hey... I can help you
guys out, too, you
know!
Dad, you just go
ahead and sit down.
I'm sure
you're tired.
I mean, you've just
gotta be, at your
age...
Am I right?
Look, don't treat me
like an old man, you
know!
Ahhhhh.
Happy birthday! Make
a wish!
[blowing and giggling]
Cheers!
[laughing]
Oh, no! I overslept!
I'm late, too!
Yeah, well that's
'cause you stayed up
all night playing
video games, ya
know?!
I didn't hear you say
no! You were playing
just as much as me!
[chuckling] Come on,
dad, get it together,
would ya?
Give it your all,
Lord Seventh!
Huh?
[chuckling]
Uh-huh!
Destiny? I won't
remain ordinary?
Fine! Bring it on!
Whether it's destiny or
a curse, go ahead and
try interfering with
my Ninja Way...
I never planned on
being ordinary, after
all. I'm a ninja!
That's right... I
don't plan on
becoming Hokage.
That was Dad's story.
My story... starts
right now.
Boruto Uzumaki, huh?
Yes, I see!
So... that's the one
who Toneri was
observing!
He could pose a real
threat to us in the
future.
It would be best to
take preemptive
measures now...
Or, rather...
[chuckling]
Either way, this is
all going to be quite
interesting...
[chuckling]
A mission to guard a
handsome actor?
Finally! Who knew
such an incredible
encounter would
happen to me?!
It's just so
beautiful.
Hey! Don't get
carried away, focus
on your mission!
Hey, Boruto, butt
out!
A different kind of
story is about to
begin, a story of
romance! Little kids
should get lost!
All right, starting
now, it's...
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next
Generations:
"Super Cho-Cho
Butterfly Mode!"
... a story all
about me.